README.md, before:

# Google CloudEvents for  .NET

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/googleapis/google-cloudevents-dotnet.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/googleapis/google-cloudevents-dotnet)

## Overview

This repository contains .NET libraries for CloudEvents issued by
Google. The following packages are provided:

- [Google.Events](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Google.Events)
- [Google.Events.Protobuf](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Google.Events.Protobuf)
- [Google.Events.SystemTextJson](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Google.Events.SystemTextJson)

The `Google.Events` package is very small and has no dependencies.
Its purpose is to expose attributes such as
[CloudEventDataConverterAttribute](src/Google.Events/CloudEventDataConverterAttribute.cs),
as well as the
[CloudEventConverters](https://github.com/googleapis/google-cloudevents-dotnet/blob/master/src/Google.Events/CloudEventConverters.cs)
class that uses those attributes.

The remaining packages each contain the Google event data types, but
each package supports a different serialization framework. The
intention is for frameworks such as the [.NET Functions
Framework](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/functions-framework-dotnet)
to depend only on `Google.Events`, but application code can depend on
whichever package fits in best with their other dependencies. (If
your application already depends on System.Text.Json, you may want
to avoid a dependency on Google.Protobuf, or vice versa.)

This does mean that there are multiple representations of each event
type, which has potential downsides. See [issue
12](https://github.com/googleapis/google-cloudevents-dotnet/issues/12)
for further discussion.

## Usage

From the .NET Functions Framework, these packages are automatically
used for CloudEvent functions implementing
`ICloudEventFunction<TData>`, where `TData` is one of the event data
classes.

If you wish to use these classes in a different context, code might
typically look something like this:

```csharp
CloudEvent cloudEvent = ...; // However you obtain a CloudEvent

// The event data type from any of the serialization-specific packages.
StorageObjectData data = CloudEventConverters.ConvertCloudEventData<StorageData>(cloudEvent);
```

## Development

See [BUILDING](BUILDING.md) for more information about developing
the code within this repository.

Commit message:

fix: merge building and readme markdown files
Signed-off-by: Grant Timmerman <timmerman+devrel@google.com>

README.md, after:

# Google CloudEvents for  .NET

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/googleapis/google-cloudevents-dotnet.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/googleapis/google-cloudevents-dotnet)

## Overview

This repository contains .NET libraries for CloudEvents issued by
Google. The following packages are provided:

- [Google.Events](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Google.Events)
- [Google.Events.Protobuf](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Google.Events.Protobuf)
- [Google.Events.SystemTextJson](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Google.Events.SystemTextJson)

The `Google.Events` package is very small and has no dependencies.
Its purpose is to expose attributes such as
[CloudEventDataConverterAttribute](src/Google.Events/CloudEventDataConverterAttribute.cs),
as well as the
[CloudEventConverters](https://github.com/googleapis/google-cloudevents-dotnet/blob/master/src/Google.Events/CloudEventConverters.cs)
class that uses those attributes.

The remaining packages each contain the Google event data types, but
each package supports a different serialization framework. The
intention is for frameworks such as the [.NET Functions
Framework](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/functions-framework-dotnet)
to depend only on `Google.Events`, but application code can depend on
whichever package fits in best with their other dependencies. (If
your application already depends on System.Text.Json, you may want
to avoid a dependency on Google.Protobuf, or vice versa.)

This does mean that there are multiple representations of each event
type, which has potential downsides. See [issue
12](https://github.com/googleapis/google-cloudevents-dotnet/issues/12)
for further discussion.

## Usage

From the .NET Functions Framework, these packages are automatically
used for CloudEvent functions implementing
`ICloudEventFunction<TData>`, where `TData` is one of the event data
classes.

If you wish to use these classes in a different context, code might
typically look something like this:

```csharp
CloudEvent cloudEvent = ...; // However you obtain a CloudEvent

// The event data type from any of the serialization-specific packages.
StorageObjectData data = CloudEventConverters.ConvertCloudEventData<StorageData>(cloudEvent);
```

## Development

Build prerequisites: .NET Core SDK 3.1

To build the packages, simply run [`build.sh`](build.sh) from the root
directory. This will build the C# code and run tests.

### Regenerating event data classes

When the [google-cloudevents
repo](https://github.com/googleapis/google-cloudevents) is updated,
the C# classes need to be regenerated. Run
[`generate-protos.sh`](generate-protos.sh) from the root directory to
do this; the proto-based classes in [src/Google.Events.Protobuf](src/Google.Events.Protobuf) will be
regenerated.

If event data types or properties have been added, the tests for
other serialization frameworks will fail; the tests should currently
be fixed by manually adding the corresponding types and properties.

Note: this is currently only supported on Linux and Windows; if you
are developing on another platform, please edit `generate-protos.sh`
appropriately, and create a pull request with the changes. (It's just
a matter of knowing which zip file to download for `protoc`, and
where the `protoc` binary is within it.)
